fixed nats streaming connector issue (#59)
fission/keda-connectors: nats-streaming-http-connector/README.md

- `CONTENT_TYPE`: Content type used while creating post request

> - `NATS_SERVER`: NATs connection string, like `nats://127.0.0.1:4222`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `NATS_SERVER`: NATS server address . It can be a remote address  `nats://127.0.0.1:4222` or in case deployed in Kubernetes, reached by it's FQDN: `nats://nats:4222`
```

Author: Thanks changed as per suggestion

- `CLUSTER_ID`: StanClusterID to form a connection to the NATS Streaming subsystem

> - `CLIENT_ID`: Which is used by the server to uniquely identify, and restrict, a given client.

Reviewer: Can you also update the docs link to point to latest KEDA docs on Line number 3?

Author: done pointing it to https://keda.sh/docs/2.2/scalers/nats-streaming/ now

## Resources

> * To setup and run nats streaming server, reference https://github.com/nats-io/nats-streaming-server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To setup and run nats streaming server, reference https://docs.nats.io/nats-server/installation#installing-on-kubernetes-with-nats-operator
```

Author: Changed
